as search teams and forensic experts
prepare for another day of combing the
vast crash site analysis of the black
box recovered from the site has already
started to reveal the planes final
moments listening to voice recordings
from the plane prosecutors say the pilot
was locked out of the cockpit during the
flights final moments
the copilot 28 year old Andrew Lubitz
apparently conscious was at the controls
and appears to have deliberately crashed
the plane the passengers are heard
screaming just before the planes final
impact the most likely interpretation we
can make at this point is that the
copilot deliberately refused to open the
cabin door to the captain he then
activated the button that triggered a
severe loss of altitude we do not know
why he activated this button but can be
interpreted as a deliberate attempt to
crash the plane airbus the makers of the
a320 say there are safeguards in place
for situations when crew need to enter
the cockpit seen here in an airbus
training video an emergency access pin
can open the cockpit door but not if
access is denied by the pilot inside of
course this is a big big shock for us
here I can only repeat that we are
shocked and very sad I think in our
worst nightmares we would never have
imagined such a tragedy to happen in our
group search teams here have started
retrieving body parts of the flight some
victims and DNA testing is underway the
families of some of those victims will
be asked to give DNA samples to help
speed up the grim process of
identification this tragedy has been
felt throughout Europe in Germany a
moment's silence was held in Parliament
to remember the 150 victims particularly
the 16 schoolchildren from the town of
Halton in western Germany a town still
struggling to comprehend its loss
charlie Angela al-jazeera Sandler's al